Add docs for Synchronous DR aka PX-Metro (#207)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/disaster-recovery/shared/cluster-pair.md

### Get cluster token from destination cluster
On the destination cluster, run the following command from one of the Portworx nodes to get the cluster token:
```bash

> /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl cluster token show

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pxctl cluster token show
```

```

### Generate and Apply ClusterPair Spec

> ClusterPair is a resource that is used to pair the source and destination cluster. It is required to migrate Kubernetes resources between the two clusters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes you will define a trust object called **ClusterPair**. This object is required to communicate with the destination cluster. In a nutshell, it creates a pairing with the storage driver (_Portworx_) as well as the scheduler (Kubernetes) so that the volumes and resources can be migrated between clusters.
```

It is generated and used in the following way:

   * The **ClusterPair** spec is generated on the **destination** cluster.
   * The generated spec is then applied on the **source** cluster

#### Generate ClusterPair on the destination cluster

To generate the **ClusterPair** spec, run the following command on the **destination** cluster

```bash
storkctl generate clusterpair -n migrationnamespace remotecluster
```
Here, the name (remotecluster) is the Kubernetes object that will be created on the **source** cluster representing the pair relationship.

During the actual migration, you will reference this name to identify the destination of your migration

> ```

Reviewer: we should make this pastable
